Backup copies of information, software and systems shall be maintained and regularly tested in accordance with the agreed topic-specific policy on backup.
Information processing facilities shall be implemented with redundancy sufficient to meet availability requirements.
Logs that record activities, exceptions, faults and other relevant events shall be produced, stored, protected and analysed.
Networks, systems, and applications should be monitored for abnormal behavior and appropriate actions taken to assess potential information security incidents.
The clocks of information processing systems used by the organization shall be synchronized to approved time sources.
The use of utility programs that can be capable of overriding system and application controls shall be restricted and tightly controlled.
Procedures and measures shall be implemented to securely manage software installation on operational systems.
Networks and network devices shall be secured, managed and controlled to protect information in systems and applications.
Security mechanisms, service levels and service requirements of network services shall be identified, implemented and monitored.
Groups of information services, users and information systems shall be segregated in the organization’s networks.
It is necessary to reduce exposure to malicious content by managing access to external websites.
Rules for the effective use of cryptography, including cryptographic key management, shall be defined and implemented.
Rules for the secure development of software and systems shall be established and applied.
Information security requirements shall be identified, specified and approved when developing or acquiring applications.
Principles for engineering secure systems shall be established, docu- mented, maintained and applied to any information system development activities.
Security coding principles should be applied to software development.
Security testing processes shall be defined and implemented in the development life cycle.
The organization shall direct, monitor and review the activities related to outsourced system development.
Development, testing and production environments shall be separated and secured.
Changes to information processing facilities and information systems shall be subject to change management procedures.
Test information shall be appropriately selected, protected and managed.
Audit tests and other assurance activities involving assessment of op- erational systems shall be planned and agreed between the tester and appropriate management.
